Crtx 146119 bitwarden pm (#38775)
demisto/content: Packs/BitwardenPasswordManager/README.md

Bitwarden Password Manager integrates with Palo Alto Network’s Cortex XSIAM to fetch records of events that occur within your Teams or Enterprise organization.

This is a content pack for **Bitwarden Password Manager** includes both an integration and modeling rules.

> ## Overview

Reviewer: You have duplicate product overview, I suggest to combine them.

Bitwarden Password Manager helps organizations to store their passwords and other sensitive data securely.
The Password Manager is encrypted and has the abilities to identify compromised passwords.

> ## What does this pack contain?

Reviewer: creating the list was not successful, all of the listed events are in one line.

- Rest API integration for your Bitwarden Password Manager.
- Modeling Rules for all security events:
  User Events
  Collection Events
  Organization Events
  Item Events
  Group Events
  Secrets Manager Events

## How to integrate with XSIAM?

### Generate API Keys in Bitwarden Password Manager
1. Login to **Bitwarden Admin Console** and go to **Settings** -> **Organization info** -> **View API key**
2. Copy the **client_id** and **client_secret**

> For more information please check the Bitwarden Public API doccumentation -> [Click here](https://bitwarden.com/help/public-api/#authentication).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, check the Bitwarden Public API documentation -> [Click here](https://bitwarden.com/help/public-api/#authentication).
```
